butcher_a0=Butcher
church_a0=Church
forge_a0=Forge
golem_a0=Golem
housecarrot_a0=House
housecarrotlarge_a0=Large House
housepotato_a0=House
housepotatolarge_a0=Large House
housetiny1_a0=Tiny House
housetiny1_b0=Tiny House
housetiny2_a0=Tiny House
housetiny2_b0=Tiny House
housetiny3_a0=Tiny House
housetiny3_b0=Tiny House
housetiny4_a0=Tiny House
housetiny4_b0=Tiny House
housewheat_a0=House
housewheatlarge_a0=Large House
lamppost_a0=Lamp Post
library_a0=Library
playerplotlarge_a0=Large Plot
playerhouselarge_a0=Large House
playertownhall_a0=Town Hall
townhall_a0=Town Hall
well_a0=Well

desert_butcher_a0=Butcher
desert_church_a0=Church
desert_forge_a0=Forge
desert_housecarrot_a0=House
desert_housecarrotlarge_a0=Large House
desert_housepotato_a0=House
desert_housepotatolarge_a0=Large House
desert_housetiny1_a0=Tiny House
desert_housetiny1_b0=Tiny House
desert_housetiny2_a0=Tiny House
desert_housetiny2_b0=Tiny House
desert_housetiny3_a0=Tiny House
desert_housetiny3_b0=Tiny House
desert_housetiny4_a0=Tiny House
desert_housetiny4_b0=Tiny House
desert_housewheat_a0=House
desert_housewheatlarge_a0=Large House
desert_library_a0=Library
desert_playerplotlarge_a0=Large Plot
desert_playerhouselarge_a0=Large House
desert_playertownhall_a0=Town Hall
desert_townhall_a0=Town Hall
desert_well_a0=Well

pigman_butcher_a0=Butcher
pigman_church_a0=Church
pigman_forge_a0=Forge
pigman_housecarrot_a0=House
pigman_housecarrotlarge_a0=Large House
pigman_housetiny1_a0=Tiny House
pigman_housetiny1_b0=Tiny House
pigman_housetiny2_a0=Tiny House
pigman_housetiny2_b0=Tiny House
pigman_housetiny3_a0=Tiny House
pigman_housetiny3_b0=Tiny House
pigman_housetiny4_a0-Tiny House
pigman_housetiny4_b0-Tiny House
pigman_library_a0=Library
pigman_townhall_a0=Town Hall